# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-05-19

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxQRByxORBg
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/550

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Sara Chipps (@SaraJChipps)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Sendil Kumar N (@sendilkumarn)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Brian Warner
* Saulo Nunes
* Eemeli Aro
* Myles Borins
* Rachel Romoff
* Sara Chipps
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Tobie Langel
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)


## Agenda

### Announcements

* Jory 
  * Today
    * Summit planning meeting, immediately following this one
    * Standards WG meeting 
    * Marketing meeting 
  * Office hours later in week, this week internationalization
  * Friday public session of board meeting

* Michael, PR to move collaboration network to stage 1, please review
  https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/548

* Eemeli: we should start working on the individual membership program.
  * Town hall meetings only at stage 0
  * Myles, since it’s stale we should revisit from first principles, should be administered by
    Foundation staff versus volunteers. Board seat should it be teased apart from the
    Program?  Summary, find new champion and rethink.
* Sara wanted to take the opportunity to raise my hand to work on this.
* Robin would like to get involved as well.

### Board Meeting Updates
 
As agreed upon in last weeks meeting, this meeting's agenda will be:
* ½ on 2nd board seat for next year #438
  * Board seat was assigned to Node.js project for the first year as a transition
  * CPC needs to decide what to do for the 2nd year.
  *  First question
    * Maintain as Node.js seat or not for next year?
    * Jory, had thought that we were going to rotate among impact projects
    * Myles, could be seen as representation of the projects, maybe open up 
      to all nominees, and have CPC vote.
    * Tobie, would they represent their project versus all projects.
    * Eemeli, byles say something about multi-vote approach does that imply anything.
      * Michael don’t believe so
   * Myles, called “At Large Community Director”, should not be a requirement to be active in
     CPC. Part of expectations is that they would become active
  * Ask who might be interested
  * Dylan can we make it an action to get the description of expectations/guidelines for next 
    Week?
    * On Brian’s TODO list.

* ½ on Code of Conduct WG ramp up
  * Jory start by discussing: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct/pull/2


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
