# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-05-26

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBAe4z9cmT4
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/554

## Present

* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Brian Warner (@bwarner)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Ant√≥n Molleda (@molant)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Michael Dawson(@mhdawson)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)


## Agenda:

https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Across-project-council-agenda

Generated issue that would have full set of tagged issues: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/556

* Project charter review for AMP [#552](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/552)
* CPC Chair election schedule [#549](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/549)
* doc: move collaboration network proposal to stage 1 [#548](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/548)
* Should outgoing voting members become regular members? [#543](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/543)
* OpenJS Collaboration Network ? [#474](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/474)
* 2nd Director seat- post July 2020 [#438](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/438)
* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)


### Announcements

 - Collab Summit Reminder - register and submit sessions ASAP!
 - Check out public board session recording on YT in case you missed it

### Minutes

* [Project Charter Review for AMP](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/552)
  * AMP has submitted its charter for review as part of the Onboarding process. The CPC members should review the charter and ask any questions. The charter points to other documentation. Some discussion to refresh our context and memory about what the approval state is.  
* CPC Chair election schedule [#549](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/549)
  * Joe outlined proposal, no objections will capture in issue.
* doc: move collaboration network proposal to stage 1 [#548](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/548)
  * No additional updates but waiting for additional +1s. If no outstanding questions or objections would like to advance the stage. Agreed in the meeting it can land and then Michael will open issue to move it to Stage 2. 
* Should outgoing voting members become regular members? [#543](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/543)
  * Idea: we should move them to regular membership by default but confirm that is their choice. Group seems to agree with this approach as being more inclusive. Desire to make sure that people continue to be more active. 
* OpenJS Collaboration Network ? [#474](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/474)
  * Covered by discussion in #548
* 2nd Director seat- post July 2020 [#438](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/438)
  * Brian was looking for doc that we already have that describes expectations / role / responsibility for Board Membership.
  * Once we have that Michael will review and add/comment on anything that seems missing
* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * No update, still working on it.
* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Michael followed up with Marcin, offered to help out but no update yet.
* Individual Membership - What are the goals? [#553](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/553)
    * working shared understanding of the program
    * looking for contacts to make sure we cover the stake holders
* Ad Hoc discussion of https://github.com/openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct/pull/2
    * 


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
