# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-06-30

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DI5Y_8S7kew
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/576

## Present

* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Divy Tolia(@designmoreweb)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Jaskirat Singh (@jaskiratsingh2000)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Abraham Jr. Agiri (@codeekage)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Tobie - thanks for all help with the onboarding work - welcome AMP!
* congrats, we did it! Thanks all for a wonderful OpenJS World and Collab Summit
* standards wg meeting is scheduled for today; may be cancelled due to time offs?
* Staff PTO
* rescheduling AMA for July 8 - Nodejs security WG 9 a.m. pst 


### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Board meeting was held via email - bylaw changes to member structure, vote coming soon. Election kicking off in a couple of weeks.
 
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council #575
proposal added: Individual membership (updated)
Sara submitted yesterday - TLDR is to make a cheaper “membership” category 
What you get as a “member” - issue is to not create overhead but give people a way to show support (e.g. not a channel to give away swag). 
Please review the pull request & comment.
RG: we are also separating the board seat from this program. The CPC would still have 3 seats but the 3rd seat would not be tied to the individual member programs.
TL: Anything we can do to make this a funnel for input to the CPC is a good thing, or to be involved with projects - making this about involving people in the community and less about tangible goods.
SC: New channels or existing channels for contribution?
TL: good question.
EA: Is this still “membership” or ‘Supporters’?
SC: it’s more of a supporter status.
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council #573
Continue CPC current board members until we get board seats sorted and new elections happen
JS has a Pull Request coming for this. 
The group seems to agree with this, can we agree this can be merged without any further waiting?
Would need to revise our 14-day policy for governance changes
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council #567
Incubation process clarifications
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council #565
Add Divy as a regular member
Merged!
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council #474
OpenJS Collaboration Network ?
No one available to give an update
 
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council #438
2nd Director seat- post July 2020
No one available to give an update
 
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council #414
Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance
Tobie continues to start tackling this issue
 
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council #326
Responsible security disclosures
No one available to give an update

openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct #8
Onboarding: Provide explicit feedback on what escalation path is and how to implement it + temporarily address in the Onboarding Checklist
Action Item: Schedule the Code of Conduct WG meeting; remove CPC label
 


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


